this is a team
effort in the fleeting sensation of
hostilities Palestinians in Gaza are
gathering wood wherever they can to use
as firewood for cooking and to keep warm
as the temperatures
drop people want to survive we're living
in a war and there's no place we can
escape to where do you think people can
run away to how do you think they can
survive how are they going to cook what
are they going to drink even this food
needs 3 days to get dry and
usable giving up is not an option in
Gaza Palestinians have been forced to
resort to living without the basic
necessities such as
electricity so they're Reviving all
Traditions to cook what little food they
have once again starting from
nothing these oven Clays we used to make
back in the day about 30 years ago we
make it out of clay because due to the
war there's no electricity and no
cooking gas so these ovens help people
to cook and bake bakeries are closed
too resilience and hope Palestinians in
Gaza are experiencing a brief period of
calm aware that at any given moment
Israel's war on Gaza could resume trying
to piece their lives together in houses
that have fallen
apart this is not the first time nor the
last time is destroyed it was demolished
in 2008 War it was demolished in 2014
and now in
2023 and it will likely be demolished
again but we will rebuild it
again as the ceasefire holds
Palestinians are trying to create some
sort of normaly surrounded by absolute
destruction their days of Solace are
numbered and even these moments could be
stolen from
them Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer